we thought that united started well
that's out in the 4-2-3-1 formation
played quite hard to start with got in
the faces of Lampard and Ramirez who
couldn't affect the game they couldn't
get the ball forward to the more
advanced Chelsea players carotene
cleverly played really well but then
having gone to a strong position with a
two goal lead we surrounded the
initiative well it happened towards the
end of the first half as the game wore
on Chelsea were pushing forward as unite
was sitting deeper Kagawa sat deeper
Couric and cleverly sat deeper why he
sat deep I don't know I don't know
whether that was part of the game plan
or whether that's just something that
the players on the pitch have done but
it allowed Chelsea back into the game
Lampard and Ramirez were slightly
pushing forward slightly so this sort of
led to it's were changing the game style
then was was was compounded by the need
says these substitutions
he removed Lampard and introduced Mikkel
and then he removed Moses and introduced
hazard Mikkel sat deep and allowed a
Zippo Quetta and Ramirez to push on an
orbiter from the unite the spective
actually sat on McHale and sort of put
pressure and in the spring in the
midfield back which allowed the the fall
back such as he fooled us to push on and
United were overloaded in white
positions at times because of that
having sat deep and Chelsea coming more
into the game United weren't able to
change that and I think that was because
as the game wore on they did look more
and more tired and Chelsea lot stronger
and stronger as the game went on well
what he could have done was sort of made
the midfield more compact push the
defense slightly higher and ask starting
questions of Chelsea's back for United's
midfield like dynamism lacked a ball
winner
perhaps introduction of Anderson might
have added a bit more dynamism in
midfield
you know Benitez as sort of within
tactical circles is known for esau
shrewdness and constant tinkering
Benitez is no fool and I think I think
the thing is Chelsea fans they're there
they don't like you for the reasons
they'd have to upset today
Benitez responded to the game situation
very well it's difficult to say with
with Fergie think it'd be much as per
the the game we played in October or
stick with the width and Valencia is a
concern if we do do that therefore the
introduction of speed will be important
I could see Ashley on power playing in
the next game maybe van Persie and
Welbeck as well solid Reds out there if
you want to be part of this all you've
got to do is subscribe